README.md, before:

# inhibit-bridge

This is a little utility to bridge between dbus org.freedesktop.ScreenSaver
Inhibit and UnInhibit messages to systemd's logind idle inhibits. The usecase is
to provide environments like i3/sway a mechanism to inhibit the screensaver when
browser and the like are playing video.  This relies on other tools like
swayidle respecting systemd's logind inhibits.

It provides a visual indicator in the status tray as to whether it is currently
holding any inhibits. Green for none held, yellow for programmatic inhibits and
red if there is a manual inhibit. Manual inhibits can be done via the menu on
the status icon and thus there is no need for (eg) waybar's idle_inhibitor
module. You must have a status tray listener available on dbus prior to startup
or the status tray will not be displayed. Other functionality should continue to
work.

inhibit-bridle will heartbeat check peers that have requested inhibits so that
we don't end up in a state where a program crash leads to permanently inhibited
screensaver/idle behaviour.

It works with recent versions of both Chrome, Firefox and vlc. In Firefox, you
may need to enable dom.wakelock.enabled in about:config so that dbus messages
are sent.

## License

inhibit-bridge is available under the Simplified BSD License; see LICENSE for
the full text.

Commit message:

Allow toggling inhibit state from USR1 to allow for keybindings
Instead of toggling logging, which is no longer useful (or potentially
something to do via a systray menu toggle instead), we change USR1
handling behaviour to toggle the "manual inhibit" menu item.

To do this, we add a manualInhibit item to the inhibitBridge object
and store the menu item we create when we initialize the systray. We
add a manualInhibitToggle method to inhibitBridge that sends a message
to the ClickedCh channel of that menu item. By doing this, we reuse
the same code path as a real menu click and let the state management
happen naturally based on the logic there.

There may be a race if the goroutine for the systray hasn't had a
chance to register the manualInhibit menuitem when the first signal is
received, so we do make a nil check that could race. But if the object
is there it should be fine to use the channel. Otherwise, not
signalling it is fine. USR1 signals should be rare and thus even if
this was more risky, it would be quite unlikely to be a problem for
real.

This lets us create a path for adding a sway (or i3 or...) keybinding
to toggle the inhibit state from the keyboard.

README.md, after:

# inhibit-bridge

This is a little utility to bridge between dbus org.freedesktop.ScreenSaver
Inhibit and UnInhibit messages to systemd's logind idle inhibits. The usecase is
to provide environments like i3/sway a mechanism to inhibit the screensaver when
browser and the like are playing video.  This relies on other tools like
swayidle respecting systemd's logind inhibits.

It provides a visual indicator in the status tray as to whether it is currently
holding any inhibits. Green for none held, yellow for programmatic inhibits and
red if there is a manual inhibit. Manual inhibits can be done via the menu on
the status icon and thus there is no need for (eg) waybar's idle_inhibitor
module. You must have a status tray listener available on dbus prior to startup
or the status tray will not be displayed. Other functionality should continue to
work.

inhibit-bridge handles SIGUSR1 by toggling the manual inhibit state. Using this,
you can wire up hotkeys in sway/i3/whatever to change the inhibit state without
the mouse.

inhibit-bridle will heartbeat check peers that have requested inhibits so that
we don't end up in a state where a program crash leads to permanently inhibited
screensaver/idle behaviour.

It works with recent versions of both Chrome, Firefox and vlc. In Firefox, you
may need to enable dom.wakelock.enabled in about:config so that dbus messages
are sent.

## License

inhibit-bridge is available under the Simplified BSD License; see LICENSE for
the full text.
